[Music]
someone says to talk about the single
wire that's a simple life okay Paris
this is the single life everything has
up ups and downs just as a relationship
doesn't mean you're gonna be happy this
is your single the room and you're gonna
be happy or I feel like it's just it's
just depend on you and your mindset in
your relationship with yourself so I'm
really not to her bed I'm like I would
say this in a podcast but if you know
where you are at the core of your view
your self know what that is and how to
identify with that as well so that you
can really have any experience and
you're gonna like most of it and it's
gonna end up being a positive experience
because you will have gained something
from and you're less likely to like
judge yourself based on mistakes because
you're like okay right I Know Who I am
and I know what I stand for
I know what I want and what I don't want
so it's not gonna change that you know
it doesn't have to change let me know if
you've ever thought about that or yeah
honestly yeah this is my favorite time
of year
I love the time when I thought out I
love my birthday's just so
[Music]